Complete (#2)
sblausten/scaffolder-actions: index.md

| `token`            | Token for authorization to Bitbucket Cloud            | `string`    |             |
| `gitAuthorName`    | Author name for the commit. Default is 'Scaffolder'.  | `string`    |             |
| `gitAuthorEmail`   | Author email for the commit                           | `string`    |             |

#### Examples

```yaml
steps:
  - action: 'publish:bitbucketCloud:pull-request'
    id: 'publish-bitbucket-cloud-pull-request-target-branch'
    name: 'Creating pull request on bitbucket cloud'
    input:
      repoUrl: 'bitbucket.org?workspace=workspace&project=project&repo=repo'
      title: 'My pull request'
      sourceBranch: 'my-feature-branch'
      targetBranch: 'development'
```

#### Outputs
| **Key**            | **Description**                          | **Type**    |
|--------------------|------------------------------------------|-------------|
| `pullRequestUrl`    | A URL to the pull request with the provider | `string`    |

#### Links
https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/scaffolder-backend-module-bitbucket-cloud/src/actions/bitbucketCloudPullRequest.ts

### `publish:bitbucketServer`

> Action for Backstage that initializes a Git repository and publishes it to Bitbucket Server, handling repository creation, commits, and optional Git Large File Storage (LFS) enablement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new repository in Bitbucket Server. 
```

| `gitCommitMessage`   | Git commit message (default value is 'initial commit')                                                        | `string`           |             |
| `gitAuthorName`      | Author name for the commit (default value is 'Scaffolder')                                                    | `string`           |             |
| `gitAuthorEmail`     | Author email for the commit                                                                                   | `string`           |             |

#### Examples

```yaml
steps:
  - action: publish:bitbucketServer
    id: publish-bitbucket-server-minimal
    name: Publish To Bitbucket Server
    input:
      repoUrl: 'hosted.bitbucket.com?project=project&repo=repo'
      description: 'This is a test repository'
      repoVisibility: 'private'
      defaultBranch: 'main'
      sourcePath: 'packages/backend'
      enableLFS: false
      token: 'test-token'
      gitCommitMessage: 'Init check commit'
      gitAuthorName: 'Test User'
      gitAuthorEmail: 'test.user@example.com'
```

> ### Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

This publishes a repository to Bitbucket Server, specifying repository details, visibility, commit information, and optional configuration like enabling LFS.

#### Outputs

| **Key**            | **Description**                                      | **Type**   |
|--------------------|------------------------------------------------------|------------|
| `remoteUrl`        | A URL to the repository with the provider             | `string`   |
| `repoContentsUrl`  | A URL to the root of the repository                   | `string`   |
| `commitHash`       | The git commit hash of the initial commit             | `string`   |

#### Links
https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/scaffolder-backend-module-bitbucket-server/src/actions/bitbucketServer.ts

### `publish:bitbucketServer:pull-request`

> Creates a custom action to publish a pull request to a Bitbucket Server repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opens a pull request on a Bitbucket Server repository to merge two existing branches.
```

| `description`      | The description of the pull request                          | `string`    |             |
| `targetBranch`     | Branch of repository to apply changes to. Defaults to 'master'| `string`    |             |
| `sourceBranch`     | Branch of repository to copy changes from                    | `string`    |             |
| `token`            | Authorization token for Bitbucket Server                     | `string`    |             |
| `gitAuthorName`    | Author name for the commit. Defaults to 'Scaffolder'          | `string`    |             |
| `gitAuthorEmail`   | Author email for the commit                                  | `string`    |             |

#### Examples

```yaml
steps:
  - action: publish:bitbucketServer:pull-request
    id: publish-bitbucket-server-pull-request-minimal
    name: Creating pull request on bitbucket server
    input:
      repoUrl: hosted.bitbucket.com?project=project&repo=repo
      title: My pull request
      sourceBranch: my-feature-branch
      description: This is a detailed description of my pull request
```

> ### Description:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> This YAML representation defines a single step in a workflow that creates a pull request on a Bitbucket Server, including action type, identification, name, and input parameters like repository URL, title, source branch, and description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a pull request on a Bitbucket Server, including action type, identification, name, and input parameters like repository URL, title, source branch, and description.
```

#### Inputs
| Key                 | Description                                                  | Type    | Example |
|---------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|---------|---------|
| `manifestString`    | The manifest to apply in the cluster. Must be a string.     | `string`|         |
| `manifestObject`    | The manifest to apply in the cluster. Must be an object.    | `object`|         |
| `manifestPath`      | The path to the manifest file.                               | `string`|         |
| `namespaced`        | Whether the API is namespaced or not.                        | `boolean`|         |
| `clusterName`       | The name of the cluster to apply this.                       | `string`|         |

#### Examples

#### Outputs

| Key   | Description                                                | Type    |
|-------|------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
|       | The object returned by Kubernetes by performing this operation | `object`|

#### Links
https://github.com/cnoe-io/plugin-scaffolder-actions/blob/HEAD/src/actions/k8s-apply.ts

### `cnoe:verify:dependency`

> Action for verifying dependencies using a specified command-line tool, where it checks for the existence of the command and executes it with provided verifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify resource dependencies for CNOE.
```

#### Inputs
| Key         | Description                       | Type                  | Example |
|-------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------|---------|
| verifiers   | The list of verifiers            | `array` of `string`   |         |

#### Examples

#### Outputs

| Key         | Description                       | Type                  |
|-------------|-----------------------------------|-----------------------|
| None        | No specific output properties are defined in the schema. | N/A   |

#### Links
https://github.com/cnoe-io/plugin-scaffolder-actions/blob/HEAD/src/actions/verify.ts

### `cnoe:utils:sanitize`

> Action for sanitizing a YAML document by removing empty objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action for sanitizing resources defined in a YAML document by removing empty fields, before further processing.
```

|-----------|-------------------------------------|--------|---------|
| `document`| The document to be sanitized        | string |         |
#### Examples

#### Outputs

| Key        | Description             | Type   |
|------------|-------------------------|--------|
| `sanitized`| The sanitized document   | string |         |

#### Links
https://github.com/cnoe-io/plugin-scaffolder-actions/blob/HEAD/src/actions/sanitize.ts

## Codacy

### `codacy:add-repo`
Action for adding a repository to Codacy using its API.

#### Inputs
| Key        | Description                        | Type   | Example |
|------------|------------------------------------|--------|---------|
| `provider` | The name of the code hosting provider. | `string` |         |
| `owner`    | The username or organization name that owns the repository. | `string` |         |
| `repository` | The name of the repository to add. | `string` |         |

#### Examples
```yaml
steps:
  - id: add-repo
    name: Add Repository to Codacy
    action: codacy:add-repo
    input:
      provider: gh|gl|bb
      owner: your-organization-or-username
      repository: ${{ parameters.repoName }}
```

> This invokes the action `codacy:add-repo` to add a specified repository from a given code hosting provider (GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket) to Codacy, using the organization or username as the owner and a parameter for the repository name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example adds a specified repository from a given code hosting provider (GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket) to Codacy, using the organization or username as the owner and a parameter for the repository name.
```

|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|--------|
| `confluenceUrls`  | Paste your Confluence URL. Ensure it follows this format: `https://{confluence+base+url}/display/{spacekey}/{page+title}` or `https://{confluence+base+url}/spaces/{spacekey}/pages/1234567/{page+title}` for Confluence Cloud. | array        |        |
| `repoUrl`         | GitHub Repo URL, specifying the location of the `mkdocs.yml` file inside the GitHub repository where you want to store the document. | string       |        |

#### Examples

#### Outputs
| Key      | Description                                     | Type   |
|----------|-------------------------------------------------|--------|
| `repo`   | The name of the repository.                     | string |
| `owner`  | The owner of the repository.                    | string |

#### Links
https://github.com/backstage/backstage/tree/master/plugins/scaffolder-backend-module-confluence-to-markdown

## Cue

> Action for the Backstage scaffolder that fetches template content, runs a Cue command, and copies output files to a specified directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action fetches some template content, runs a Cue command on it, and copies output files to a specified directory.
```

| `url`         | Relative path or absolute URL pointing to the directory tree to fetch                   | `string`|         |
| `cuePkg`      | Cue package name, default is "config"                                                  | `string`|         |
| `cueCmd`      | Cue command name, default is "run"                                                     | `string`|         |
| `cueOutDir`   | Cue output dir, default is "out"                                                       | `string`|         |
| `values`      | Values to pass on to the templating engine                                              | `object`|         |
| `targetPath`  | Target path within the working directory to generate contents to. Defaults to the working directory root. | `string`|         |

#### Examples

#### Outputs
| Key          | Description                                   | Type   |
|--------------|-----------------------------------------------|--------|
| `out`        | Output directory containing generated files   | `string`|

#### Links
https://github.com/shoukoo/backstage-plugin-scaffolder-cuelang/blob/main/src/actions/cueflow.ts

## Gerrit

> Action for creating a new Gerrit review by committing and pushing changes to a Git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ### `publish:gerrit:review`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `publish:gerrit:review`

Action for creating a new Gerrit review by committing and pushing changes to a Git repository.
```

|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------|---------|
| `repoUrl`             | Repository Location                                                     | `string`              |         |
| `branch`              | Branch of the repository the review will be created on                 | `string`              |         |
| `sourcePath`          | Subdirectory of working directory containing the repository              | `string`              |         |
| `gitCommitMessage`    | Sets the commit message on the repository.                              | `string`              |         |
| `gitAuthorName`       | Sets the default author name for the commit. The default value is 'Scaffolder' | `string`              |         |
| `gitAuthorEmail`      | Sets the default author email for the commit.                           | `string`              |         |

#### Examples
```yaml
steps:
  - id: publish
    action: publish:gerrit:review
    name: Publish new gerrit review
    input:
      repoUrl: gerrithost.org?repo=repo&owner=owner
      gitCommitMessage: Initial Commit Message
      branch: develop
```

> ### Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

This publishes a new Gerrit review, specifying the repository URL, commit message, and branch to use.

#### Outputs

| Key                    | Description                                     | Type     |
|------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|----------|
| `reviewUrl`            | A URL to the review                            | `string` |
| `repoContentsUrl`      | A URL to the root of the repository           | `string` |

#### Links
https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/scaffolder-backend-module-gerrit/src/actions/gerritReview.ts

### `publish:gerrit`

> Action that initializes a Git repository with content from the workspace and publishes it to a Gerrit instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action that initializes a Git repository with content from the workspace and publishes it to a Gerrit repository.
```

| `sourcePath`        | Path within the workspace that will be used as the repository root.            | `string`    |         |

#### Examples

```yaml
steps:
  - id: publish
    action: publish:gerrit
    name: Publish to Gerrit
    input:
      repoUrl: 'gerrit.com?repo=repo&owner=owner'
      description: 'Initialize a gerrit repository'
```
This publishes content to a Gerrit repository.

#### Outputs
| Key                 | Description                                                             | Type        |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|
| `remoteUrl`         | A URL to the repository with the provider                               | `string`    |
| `repoContentsUrl`   | A URL to the root of the repository                                      | `string`    |
| `commitHash`        | The git commit hash of the initial commit                                | `string`    |

#### Links
https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/scaffolder-backend-module-gerrit/src/actions/gerrit.ts

## Gitea

> Action for Backstage that initializes a git repository from workspace content and publishes it to a Gitea instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action initializes a git repository from workspace content and publishes it to a Gitea repository.
```

| `defaultBranch`        | Sets the default branch on the repository. The default value is 'main'                                   | `string` |         |
| `repoVisibility`       | Sets the visibility of the repository. The default value is 'public'.                                    | `string` |         |
| `gitCommitMessage`     | Sets the commit message on the repository. The default value is 'initial commit'                         | `string` |         |
| `gitAuthorName`        | Sets the default author name for the commit. The default value is 'Scaffolder'                          | `string` |         |
| `gitAuthorEmail`       | Sets the default author email for the commit.                                                            | `string` |         |
| `sourcePath`           | Path within the workspace that will be used as the repository root. If omitted, the entire workspace will be published as the repository. | `string` |         |

#### Examples

```yaml
steps:
  - id: publish
    action: publish:gitea
    name: Publish to Gitea
    input:
      repoUrl: 'gitea.com?repo=repo&owner=owner'
      defaultBranch: 'main'
      repoVisibility: 'private'
```

> This publishes a repository to Gitea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This publishes a repository to Gitea.

```
